Clarification on supported monitors for "Group Retention Time" (#15474)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/create/configuration.md

- When you would like to drop the group immediately or shortly after data stops reporting
- When you would like to keep the group in the status for as long as you usually take for troubleshooting

> **Note**: This option is only available for multi-alert monitors and will only work with monitors that support the [`On missing data`][5] option mentioned above (APM Trace Analytics, Audit Logs, CI Pipelines, Error Tracking, Events, Logs, and RUM monitors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The group retention time option requires a multi-alert monitor that supports the [`On missing data`][5] option. These monitor types are APM Trace Analytics, Audit Logs, CI Pipelines, Error Tracking, Events, Logs, and RUM monitors.
```
